CBC, why'd you do that hurtful piece on me?
Now my friends are looking out for me.
Oh, why'd you do that piece on me suddenly?
All Canadians now know about me.
Now my name will be on jeopardy.
Oh, why'd you do that piece on me?
I don't really know why you quoted me that way.
I said no quid pro quo, but you wrote it the other way, CBC.
I hope you didn't mean to mess with me.
Your journalistical integrity is on the line now, CBC.
IPATO was slow, I must say, until that day.
Now new donors come right and left.
You saved the day, CBC.
Maybe you can do more hits on me.
I can do more research now, you see.
Oh how I love you, CBC.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological.
The United States is currently under attack.
We are being undermined from the inside by a Trojan horse of what can only be characterized as traitors.
I do not believe that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is directly aware of what's happening.
He is just a puppet in this game.
One of the central people to help you understand this would be Steve Bannon, a former acolyte of Goldman Sachs, an intellectual property expert and advocated for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as vice president, exactly as the Skyhorse Publishing genius Tony Lyons proposed in the epilogue of
of Jesse Ventura's book in 2008.
I think two of the intellectual people behind this narrative are Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan.
Both of them are connected to the deepest and longest portions of the DOE and DOD, including HIV, the Human Genome Project, the Who, Gavi.
And Robert Malone is very specific in terms of his connections with a lot of the worst
actors on stage right now, including people as diverse as Li Min Yan and the soon-to-be candidate for Idaho governor, Ryan Cole.
All of these people agree that the FDA is annoying, and unfortunately, at least two of their dads were involved in defining the FDA.
And one of the guys we never talk about, who was also involved in
defining the FDA is one Estes Kefauver, somebody that only my friend Mark Kulak has done any reasonable amount of coverage on.
And yes, I think I was duped.
I was duped by people and agents associated with people on this narrative.
And I think one of the central people in this narrative is this fellow right here Because he is connected in so many ways to the grandfathers of this narrative And that's that's the reason why I will continue to say Robert Malone's name out loud I think he is the one of the driving forces behind this fake anti-vax movement this fake health freedom movement and The other guy who is very much behind that is of course
Ralph Baric's the guy who arguably taught WIV how to create the coronavirus.
Taught who?
The Wuhan Institute of Virology.
Oh.
So there was their grants that Fauci basically boomeranged off of echo health into the WIV because they put a gain-of-function ban on funding here in the States.
Right.
Obama did that, right?
Obama did that.
And so what Fauci's creative way around that was, well, we'll fund a nonprofit called Echo Health Alliance, run by Peter Daszak, who will launder the money for us into the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
Therefore, it's not directly from Fauci to Wuhan.
It's going through some intermediary.
And through that process, they taught the Wuhan Institute of Virology how to do this seamless no-seam technique, which is a technique of assembling viral genomes so you don't leave any evidence behind.
And so my argument is that this man is reading a script that he had at least a part in writing.
It is a script that can be seen in brochure form in the Spars pandemic document.
And a spectacular commitment to this script is really all that's required for you to get a part in their show.
But this is actually all they've ever had.
If you listen very carefully to
A personal meddler of mine, somebody who has interfered with me and my family for five years straight from apparently Japan, is a guy by the name of Kevin McCairn.
And here's a video of him in March 2020 saying exactly the same thing as the former Human Genome Project Research and Development Director said on the Danny Jones podcast in November of 2024.
I think there's a genuine call for justice to be called for, especially if there was, you know, there was a moratorium in place that caused Fauci's department to have the research offshored, okay?
So, I mean, I have to presume that somewhere, because we don't know what those papers look like,
Prior to that, and this was the Obama administration that did this and there's a lot there's a strong argument for I wait Keep going.
Yeah, so I have to presume that somewhere so you can see he's on a script He even had to wait for it to update Ralph Eric's a guy who arguably taught with how to create the coronavirus.
This is a story The Wuhan Institute of virology.
Oh, so and they didn't teach
Barrick didn't teach them anything.
If anything, they gave them something in the form of a clone or in the form of a sequence that they were told to find and nothing more.
And it was an exact sequence.
Make sure you understand that because if you don't accept the exact sequence, then you're essentially, you're disbelieving the narrative of a novel virus with an exact sequence that has a number of exact sequences that cause it to be exactly as deadly as it is.
So there's grants that Fauci basically boomeranged off of Echo Health into the WIV, because they put a gain-of-function ban on funding here in the States.
Obama did that, right?
Obama did that.
And so what Fauci's creative way around that was, well, we'll fund a nonprofit called Echo Health Alliance, run by Peter Daszak, who will launder the money for us into the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
Therefore, it's not directly from Fauci to Wuhan.
It's going through some intermediary.
And he's gonna say that they teach them this no-see-um technology, and at the very end of the statement, he's gonna call it Golden Gate Assembly, which is actually just a commercial technique, or a commercial product.
You know, like Davenport is another name for a sofa, because at some point a company made
Sofas was called Davenport and Golden Gate Assembly is the name for putting stuff together using a wide Selection of restriction enzymes in order to get the exact sequence that you want.
It's not magic.
It's not baking special cakes It's not something that only that fat guy at North Carolina knows how to do and by him saying Golden Gate Assembly in exactly the way that he says it
is an admission that the no-see-um shit is nonsense.
Listen.
And through that process, they taught the Wuhan Institute of Virology how to do this seamless no-see-um technique, which is a technique of assembling viral genomes so you don't leave any evidence behind.
It's a ligation technique that uses a golden gate assembly.
It's a clever way of putting stuff together so that you can't tell that someone built it, necessarily, from a laboratory.
It's a clever way to put things together to get the exact sequence you want that was not invented by Ralph Baric and does not have a special code word.
No see him, my goodness.
However, they did leave behind some fingerprints that make us, that got them caught, basically.
And you should, if you wanna hear about that story, you should get Charles Rixey on here.
Charles Rixey has helped, you know, RFK write his book about this.
Okay, Charles Rixey did not help him write his book.
He actually was fired from helping write his book, very specifically for this person named Kevin McCairn.
And the problem with it is both Charles Rixey and Kevin McCarron came not to your house, but my house in 2022.
And both of them came to my house more or less to mess around with my family and to see what I was thinking and to try and influence it.
And a couple weeks before Rixey showed up at my house, Kevin McKernan was on my podcast telling me all about, all about the molecular biology I needed to learn in order to catch up with him.
Now this is verifiable by a number of people who are listed on the acknowledgements page of the Wuhan cover-up book.
So unfortunately, I have to recommend to you to buy one.
Not because I want to support the work of Children's Health Defense and Skyhorse Publishing, but because it is an actual
It is an actual document in American history that you could take notes on and highlight the parts of it which are true, the parts of it which are false, and the parts of it which are missing.
The people who are missing.
It is a real, breathing document of history, especially because this guy lied about how it was written.
And this guy isn't just anybody, he is the former Research and Development Director of the Human Frickin' Genome Project.
And Charles Rixey's a marine, and he's been like a dog on a bone with this problem.
And he was the one who leaked the diffuse proposal.
Are you familiar with the diffuse proposal?
So very specifically, the diffuse proposal is fake.
It is a leaked document designed to ascribe both blame and some kind of plausible biological mechanism to a lab leak occurring, because they sprayed vaccines into bat caves, which is, of course, bullshit.
But that's specifically why Charles Rixey came to my house, to convince me that I was wrong,
that the diffuse proposal was real, not fake, and that I should rejoin drastic a group of anonymous people on the internet, specifically on Twitter.
Understand that very specifically on Twitter where Kevin McKernan says all the truth is found in in March of 2020 so there was a grant that was proposed to the DoD to go build a weaponized coronavirus Under the banner of we need to build seen against this because if we can do it the Chinese can do a kind of thing and the DoD turned down the grant because I thought it was It's too fucking crazy.
That's not true
We don't know whether the grant was turned down or if it was just found on the server.
They say it wasn't funded, but there was no evaluation.
So nobody called it crazy.
More importantly, the grant does not suggest to make weaponized viruses.
It suggests to make bad spike proteins and then make vaccines for them and spray them in bat caves or something like that.
So it's all
It's all elaborate bullshit for this podcaster to go, oh, wow, holy shit.
You'll have something to weep for this.
But as anyone who's written grants, I've been involved in writing grants for our company.
We got like $30 million in grants from the NIH.
You don't apply with a grant not having done 80% of it.
It's just, you don't.
And now the remarkable thing about the story is, is that when Charles Rixey came to my house and we did a podcast together,
One of the things that I said in that podcast is exactly this, that NIH grants, at least at the academic level, are often half-completed when they are submitted because you need this preliminary data in order to prove that you have something working, that the experimental paradigm is working, which is very different than what he just said, but along the same lines, so much so that my quote in the book
My quote in the book about this is almost word for word what he just said, and that's not by accident.
So not only are they removing me as an expert from the book that I wrote with the current Health and Human Services Secretary of the United States of America, but they are replacing me with someone who came to my house in 2022 and lied to me repeatedly afterward on the internet.
Two people, actually.
And that second person, Kevin McCairn, was on a Steve Kirsch podcast together with Kevin McKernan, this guy who's lying on the Danny Jones podcast, about my and Rixey's lack of contribution to the Wuhan cover-up book.
looking for the last 20% because you just can't you need the grant process is so grueling and so competitive that you in order for you to succeed, you have to have all this preliminary data that shows like we can get x done, we've demonstrated this piece, we've demonstrated this piece.
Now we just need to do this last piece.
And in that diffuse proposal, they had used particular restriction enzymes.
These are enzymes that cut at particular sequences in DNA.
Those are important because they help guide the way that you cut and paste DNA together.
So imagine if you're cutting and pasting a Word document, but you're- Now it's important to understand, I don't know if I turned this on yet or not, let me just check and see if I got this lined up right.
I might not have it upright yet.
There we go.
Chickens are going bananas.
Just to make sure that you can see this now, first of all, let me make that point again.
Unless you accept the exact sequence,
You know, nucleotide for nucleotide, none of this story that he's talking about makes any sense.
None of the story of Charles Rixey's, you know, most contagious virus in human history makes any sense if they don't keep track of the fear and cleavage side or the HIV inserts and wait for them to mutate away.
I mean, then they're not playing a game.
They're playing, rather, they're playing a game and not the game they claim to be playing.
And so the single sequence has to be exactly what they say it is.
Otherwise, you know, all of these papers don't make any sense, including the one from the University of Pittsburgh in 2020 that said that there was some kind of reversed Moderna sequence found because it's obvious that this is like a patented, there's no, the odds of this being there are crazy.
So this whole narrative has been nicely seeded and adjusted as it failed over the last five years.
And they're still basically stuck with the main players that they already had put in place from the very beginning, which is really remarkable because these two characters, this one and Charles Rixey, are serious amateurs.
They are way, way, way over their head with this.
Highlighter to highlight what sentence you want to cut can only start and end with certain letters.
Those are what restrictions are.
So imagine you can only cut and paste where there's a the.
This is such a shitty explanation.
It's just remarkable.
It's magnificent in its shittiness.
sentences that start with maybe, we have another enzyme with things that start with there, which is a couple more letters onto the, right?
And we're going to use those enzymes to cut here.
And by doing that, we can assemble this genome.
Well, they had certain restriction enzymes in that diffuse proposal that are present in coronavirus that's currently circulating.
And that was kind of the smoking gun that showed that, okay, this was in fact assembled.
It was a product of the diffuse proposal.
Someone eventually carried out that grant application to its,
Final conclusion and that's actually circulating Rixie has the whole story you want to talk to him and Alex Washburn Rixie has the whole story on this.
So that's where it all goes, right?
That's where they they've overextended themselves and basically are absolutely
exposed because this is bullshit for one one reason in particular do you remember the guy who opened the stream who sang the song about the canadian broadcasting company doing a hit piece on him and that now all the donations were coming into his his ipac and he could do all the research he needed to do i guess he's still trying to figure out
if intramuscular injection is good with some combination of substances or another.
But anyway, the point is, is that that guy, James Lyons Weiler, knew all of these details.
He knew all of those details.
Alex Washburn, my ass.
Charles Rixey, my ass.
James Lyons Weiler knew all these molecular details in January of 2020, was cited by Dan Sirotkin, the guy who I got all messed up with, got me on Zero Hedge.
and got me the most views I've ever had in the history of my YouTube channel, bar none.
This is where we are.
This is an illusion, ladies and gentlemen.
And these actors, spectacularly committed to a script written by Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan, maybe some other people helped,
That's the only thing standing between you and being free, your kids being free, and Nathan having some justice, his daughters and wife having some justice.
How the hell did we transfect so many healthy people in America?
How did they get away with it?
How are these
these pictures possible?
How is this loop recording that I made just from cutting a single audio piece from an interview with Robert Malone from three months ago or four months ago, how is it possible that I can do this?
Current round of vaccines, we're using traditional mRNA technology, and I just gagged at that.
So we've already got, you know, modern and traditional.
Do you believe, you know, because, I mean, do you still, do you believe that some vaccines are good?
Dell knows who I am.
I think that, so.
They know who I am.
The statement was made that.
He knows who I am.
This guy definitely knows who I am.
He ran away from me.
He's been to my house too.
So, so we've already got, you know, modern and traditional, do you believe, you know, cause I mean, do you still, do you believe that some vaccines are good?
Uh, I think that, uh, so, and a lot of these people know who Brandy Vaughn is too.
A lot of them do a lot of them do.
That guy doesn't, because he's really, I mean, this is really a joke on all of us.
My goodness sakes, is this terrible.
So in that video that we played of Robert Malone, and you can play from the Maha podcast, he admits, and he's done it many times on other podcasts, that he's a DOD insider.
He claims to be a repeat whistleblower, ethics king, starting with Jesse Gelsinger.
But of course, that's kind of inconvenient because Jesse Gelsinger was a dentivirus injection and it caused catastrophic liver failure, presumably because they injected it directly into the liver.
But had they,
injected it intramuscularly, and it spread more thoroughly through the body, there's no telling what cascade or bouquet of gifts you could get from such a catastrophic idea.
And yet he didn't warn about that at all, even though apparently he knew to warn about that back in the 2000s, so much so that he made the career of some Stolberg lady at the New York Times.
Everybody wins around Robert Malone, except for Robert Malone.
And so he only says CIA and CIA and CIA as if there aren't 16 or 17 other intelligence agencies in the United States apparatus.
He says Substack, just like Paul Offit says Substack, just like they all say Substack, because what is Substack?
Substack is you training their AI.
Substack is you segregating yourself off from other social media platforms and choosing to be there and interacting with those people as opposed to Gab or Telegram or Blue Sky or whatever this other shit is that they use.
But most importantly, you're putting your creativity, your content on Substack.
And they're monetizing it.
It's not like you get 100% of the proceeds from their using your stuff.
And so it's no different than YouTube, but with more capabilities for you to publish how you want, so that we can use and mine your creativity for everything that we can, including the very text.
Maybe you can even help us evaluate our text-to-speech algorithm by correcting the transcripts that we generate from the videos that you put up on Substack.
And so that's what this is.
It's promoting all the same shit if you promote Substack and X all the time, which is what they do.
He only says one book title wrong, and that's the Lab Leak cover-up.
No, Robert, it's the Malone.
It's not the Malone cover-up or the Lab Leak cover-up.
It's the Wuhan cover-up.
Unfortunately, he got that wrong, even though he's on the back of that book.
Let's see if this is set up.
It is.
Wow, nice.
He says he has never revealed classified information, which I would point out means that he hasn't really taken much risk at all, other than, I guess, maybe when he said that Peter Cullis is a liar or that Michael Callahan is a liar.
I hope he called him first.
Anyway, he says he worked on social media control programs for Arab Spring and that those things are still being used, they're still classified, and that's why he really hasn't gone there.
That's a strange thing to say now instead of on the Bret Weinstein podcast when they first looked into the camera and said, this is Robert Malone.
He's speaking out about MRNA because he's risking his, he's gonna do something that, you know, only people like him, very few people are so good as him.
And of course he says that the work remains classified and in use by the CIA.
Oh, CIA in use right now.
This is all an elaborate hoax.
I don't know if Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is a victim of it, but I assume so.
It's really hard for most of these people to understand how long they've been fooled because it is a very intricate network of liars recruited
individually, over time, and put in place, and coached.
And if they don't make it, they don't make the cut, they get thrown off the bus, and nobody sees them because social media is a controlled environment.
You can feel like you're being seen, but you're not being seen.
That's why I'm suggesting, more importantly than ever, we need to get off social media.
If you're on it, you need to subvert it.
Soapbox is real.
Mastodon is real.
You can follow anybody you want.
You can even follow the bird makeup version of people on Twitter.
But the point will be that you will be in control of who you see.
You block who you want to block.
And that's it.
You want to find things to talk about, to think about, to worry about.
There's other ways to do it than relinquishing control of your consciousness to Elon Musk and his squad.
That's what I mean by that.
I really mean it.
That's why I think I'm allowed to do this because I've met all these people.
I've tried my best to work with them to understand what they're thinking and to try and influence how they're thinking to move forward.
And I have been rebutted.
You can capture it, you can sequence it, you can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
But one thing I am confident of from everything I've read is that this RNA exists, you can capture it, you can sequence it, you can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
Now I assure you they're all on that script.
They're not going to get off of it because the middle people are all the coordinators of this.
They are the
global coordinators of this bullshit.
As long as those people in the absolute big pictures there agree to disagree and agree about everything the way the script is written, then everybody else on this picture doesn't really stand a chance.
Now, if a few of these people on the bottom are also well read in, or well scripted, or have agreed not to look behind the curtain and just follow the script they're given, then the people at the top really don't have a chance.
And so it could be that Mike Eden is not a bad guy.
He was just somebody who was effectively neutralized by all these people.
It could be that Peter McCullough is not a bad guy, although his latest performances, especially very recently, he's going to perform today at 2 o'clock.
I'm afraid this will be the last straw for me.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr., I just don't think he's that smart.
I don't think he's as sophisticated as his vocabulary would have you believe.
I think that one of the smartest people, cleverest people, and still on the ball people is Thomas Binder.
I don't think he's been fooled by any of these people.
And I think that Sukrit Bhakti has been pressured in a way that few others in this narrative have.
And so I'm willing to forgive him for saying that if RNA can't pandemic and we've decided that's true, then we should stop talking about it because I'm sure he knows that's bullshit.
And in a way, I think he said it so succinctly so that I could point out how much bullshit it is.
And I appreciate him for doing that.
Now, this is where we are.
These people essentially are some of the worst actors in this manipulative script that you are a victim of only if you use Substack and X.
If you don't use Substack and X, Jonathan Engler and Panda can't get to you.
If you don't use Substack and X, you will never see Robert Malone.
If you don't use Substack and X, you would never know who Jessica Rose was.
If you didn't use Substack and X, you would have never known who Kevin McKernan was.
Never heard of the organization Heart.
Never heard of the Brownstone Group.
None of that shit.
And once you see it for what it is, that they tricked us into believing that X was something like a town hall, and we had to get there while the getting was good.
And now they've tricked us into splitting up based on whether or not we want the blue version or the red version of it.
And there's some people on Blue Sky and some people on Twitter, and it's just the absolute perfect setup.
And they did it.
Timor's case scenario drove us to segregate like that in our population, essentially herding cats with loud noises.
And that's what this guy is, a loud noise.
Six years back, I asked one question.
I never got an answer from anyone.
Do you know anyone that died from COVID?
It's the fog of antibodies war and a procrastination of the fall of the dollar.
You're getting fuked up.
I don't know what that means, dude.
From where I'm sitting, there's a whole bunch of COVID brain going around.
I wouldn't be able to make this slide if they hadn't overextended so far as to put these two jackasses on the same white clot round table.
It's time for answers.
With the largest private donor to the DNC before the pandemic, Steve the fake Kirsch.
We are surrounded by these people.
Unfortunately, I think Brian Hooker is one of these people who got sucked into the idea that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
would save us.
And all we had to do was get behind him and get him in the White House, just like it says in the epilogue of Jesse Ventura's book, Don't Start the Revolution Without Me, a sky horse book that preceded the two Andrew Wakefield sky horse books, preceded the James Lyons Wyler sky horse book, and the Judy Mikovits sky horse book.
And Brian Hooker's unvaxxed book comes out in 2023.
I guess they probably promised it would come earlier or something like that.
He'll have more time to work on that later after he gets elected.
And basically what broke it for me with Brian is that in 2013, he said this.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
In condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
In condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
And so that's really important because that's what they're still doing now to people like Mary Talley Bowden and many other doctors that are buying into this wake up to nutrition and processed food and toxins in the environment.
And maybe it's the adjuvants of some vaccines that are also very nasty.
Maybe it's we're giving them to too many people or too early and all these weird questions that this, these anti-vax, you know, fake health freedom movement has been pushing forward instead of intramuscular injection versus ingestion, like Brandy was, instead of intramuscular injection, not being medicine like I was, instead of transfection, not being immunization like I was, even immunization being,
an illusion like Brian Hooker was in 2013.
And that lack of progress from any of these people suggests to me that they are on a script.
Otherwise, they would make some progress in their understanding, especially in light of the certainty that all these people on the internet have, because the certainty is also something that any thinking person should see as a red flag.
And yet there's so much certainty on this podcast in Jack Cruz, it's pretty remarkable.
There's so much certainty in James Lyons Wyler in 2020, it's remarkable.
So much certainty in Kevin McKernan in April of 2020, it's kind of remarkable.
So much certainty in Kevin McCarron in 2020, it's kind of remarkable.
And they haven't grown in their understanding of this narrative at all.
They have tripled down and they have risen in the military,
social programming software suites that we call social media.
That's what you see happening.
That's what you see happening here.
It's for all the marbles, ladies and gentlemen.
That's why the Research and Development Director of the Human Genome Project is working daily on social media, because he is an agent for the Department of Energy.
He is a national security priority man, working on a national security priority that was established many decades ago.
to invert the American population effectively into experimental animals so that the Human Genome Project could be realized.
that the genomic data and the medical data of all Americans could be effectively stored, computerized, and fed into a machine learning algorithm that could eventually contribute to our better understanding of what right now is an irreducible complexity.
And this moonshot idea, this imaginative idea, is why there is a fake anti-vax movement in America.
The statement was made that these current round of vaccines were using traditional mRNA technology.
And I just gagged at that.
But, you know, he's laughing.
But but this is the same script.
The same script that brought former publishing colleague of Peter Daszak, Andrew Wakefield, over to the United States to recycle a political campaign based on autism that they had already run in the UK that included Polly Tommy on 90 billboards in her bra.
swaying more than six million votes for Prime Minister.
They came to America, they pulled the same long con.
And ever since, everyone from as diverse as Paul Offit to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
declares him the enemy hero of the anti-vax movement.
And he's still being plugged as a hero by these fake people, including the billionaire with shares in Google that is sometimes the mom of a kid with something.
And this Bitcoin doctor polymath who wears orange glasses because it makes his pineal gland heavier.
And so that's the joke of this, right?
That's the joke of this.
That little child over there is now the head of a whole wing of the FDA.
That guy is the head of the FDA and it is absolutely a malevolent joke on our children.
It is almost, I think, an admission that the American government is already bankrupt and already collapsing.
It's like they have some fake people at the helm of the cruise ship knowing full well that the cruise ship is about to crash into the dock.
And I don't like to be saying that as an American with kids who live in America, who intend to live in America for a long time.
I don't like saying that.
But these are people at the head of a cruise ship wearing the mouse costume of Chuck E. Cheese's pretending to drive the boat.
This is scripted bullshit.
Just like this is scripted bullshit.
This guy has been antagonizing Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and the anti-vaxx movement of Mary Holland and Joe Mercola.
for more than 15 years he's been writing books about this shit, including a book in 2007 called Vaccinated, which has mRNA title in the title, mRNA vaccines in the title.
It is a script, ladies and gentlemen, it is a national security script that is part of the largest investment in human history, the Human Genome Project.
Wake up and apologize to your kids, ladies and gentlemen.
It's all scripted bullshit.
For what?
Because there was a population pyramid problem to manage, and because the population pyramids tell us that this amount of genetic diversity is never going to be available again.
So they used a little bit of murder and lies to sculpt that population pyramid, and then told us an elaborate mythology about a novel virus as the cause of it.
And the way they were able to do it is because for a decade or more, they've been putting people in place with the precursors of this narrative ready to go.
The script was flawless.
And it is designed to make sure you never realize that autism spectrum disorder is a myth.
It's designed to make sure that you don't realize that because then you would realize that intramuscular injection is not a good methodology.
You'd realize that virology is not a high fidelity science and that public health is almost never a good reason.
And that is the same reason, the primary reason why this anti-vax movement had to be in place, the autism movement had to be in place.
It is exactly why Brian Hooker had to use the word autism before the start of the pandemic.
Why he had to be hooked up with James Lyons-Weiler and why James Lyons-Weiler was saying that vaccination prevented diseases were circulating asymptomatically among the vaccinated in 2019.
because they are myths.
They are myths.
And they are myths that are designed to make sure no one ever questions intermuscular injection as a methodology, virology as a science, or public health as a reason.
I've told you before that one of the foundations of this idea is endemicity.
And I have a nice little clip here from the TWIV about two weeks ago to show you that this endemicity is a real thing.
It's a real illusion that they are going to insist on you accepting.
And please understand that Kevin McKernan, Kevin McCairn, Robert Malone, Jay Bhattacharya,
Robert F. Kennedy Jr., Jessica Rose, Meryl Ness, Mary Holland, they all agree that endemicity is definitely real.
They all agree that one of the dangers of gain of function is potentially that a gain of function virus could go endemic and contribute to all-cause mortality in perpetuity.
A fundamental lie, and listen to these guys throw it down.
first to return because of its infectivity.
And it was predicted to return to endemicity, which means it's continuously circulating and infecting people.
And 83% of simulations after 20 years, whereas the other diseases would not return to endemicity.
But, you know, the percent immunization can affect that.
Right.
That's if nothing changes.
Yes.
Nothing changes from right now.
which it's already been on a decline.
Yeah.
So if you have a 25% reduction in vaccination coverage, polio becomes an endemic in 11% of simulations.
Diphtheria and rubella do not become endemic.
50% reduction, measles returns in 99.8% of simulations after five years to endemicity.
And rubella returns to endemicity in 100% of simulations at 18 years polio and 55% in 19 years.
And diphtheria returns to endemicity in less than 1% of simulations and took more than two decades.
Although they say it does become endemic, diphtheria, when you have even more larger vaccine decline.
So I want to make my cynical comment, which is thinking about declining birth rates has become a national security concern here in the United States and around the world.
And you wonder why people don't want to have kids when the world is not getting safer
as a place to raise children if you have... Oh I know that's why my brother decided not to have kids because because people aren't vaccinating anymore then I'm not going to have any kids because it's just too damn dangerous.
this kind of an outlook, when it used to be, as I said, that the future looked better for me than for my parents.
And many people don't feel that way anymore.
And even if the data didn't say that, that's how they feel.
And these kinds of predictions don't make you feel like it's a great place to have kids.
Yeah.
Oh, the simulademics are real, man.
They're definitely real.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
The other day, yesterday actually, I tried to make a point about
AI, and I want to try and make that point again.
AI is an illusion.
It is an illusion not that dissimilar to Theranos.
And so yesterday I played this clip.
I want to play it again just for fun.
Gentlemen, people used to say it was impossible to run tests on a single drop of blood.
Well, I fired those people and hired new ones.
And now behold,
Oh, science noise.
With just one drop of blood, our device can tell you exactly which Sopranos character you are without having to take a dumb quiz written by a social media intern.
Why Sopranos?
Because my company is like a criminal enterprise.
All right.
And for no particular reason, I'm going to be behind this curtain for the entire demonstration.
All we need is a tiny blood sample.
Ew, it's doing stuff.
This says Artie Bucco.
Who's that?
Bald guy at the restaurant.
Oh, yeah.
He and Tony were friends growing up.
Ah, right, right, right.
I'm not sure this machine is for us.
Just a sec.
Let me, uh, recalibrate something.
Tony.
All right.
Now this is f****** Walgreens.
By now, we've all heard about Elon Musk's efforts to reshape the U.S.
government.
But tonight, we'll introduce you to another tech billionaire, one who set his sights on radically changing the way the Pentagon buys and uses weapons.
His name is Palmer Luckey, and he's the founder of Andril, a California defense products company.
Lucky says for too long, the U.S.
military has relied on overpriced and outdated technology.
He argues a Tesla has better A.I.
than any U.S.
aircraft, and a Roomba vacuum has better autonomy than most of the Pentagon's weapons systems.
So Andrel is making a line of autonomy.
I don't know about you, but autonomous weapons are what I always think about.
I mean, once I saw a Roomba, I thought, wow, why don't we make a pistol like that?
autonomous weapons that operate using artificial intelligence, no human required.
Some international groups have called those types of weapons killer robots, but Palmer Luckey says it is the future of warfare.
The story will continue in a moment.
I've always said that we need to transition from being the world police to being the world gun store.
Nice, he goes to the same shirt store as McKernan.
Do we want to be the world's gun store?
I think so.
I think we have to.
Says the guy who sells weapons.
See, I agree.
It sounds self-fulfilling.
But you have to remember, I also got into this industry because I believe that.
Palmer Lucky isn't your typical defense industry executive.
His daily uniform, flip-flops and a Hawaiian shirt.
As my hairline recedes, trust me, I consider getting a mullet every day.
And in fact, I'll tell you a story about my friend Nathan who died of an aneurysm in 2023 or 4, 3.
He, uh, when he got married, I actually threatened to cut a mullet for their wedding, and his wife did not even remotely think that was funny.
But anyway, just, it's easy to imagine.
I could change Chief Woohoo to have a mullet.
than the military.
But the 32-year-old billionaire is the founder of Andril, whose line of American-made autonomous weapons looks like it came straight out of a sci-fi movie, and whose slick marketing videos wouldn't be out of place in one.
There's the Roadrunner, a twin, turbo-jet-powered drone interceptor that can take off, identify, and strike.
If it doesn't find a target, it can land and try again.
Andrew also makes headsets, which allow soldiers to see 360 degrees in combat.
And there's this.
It's an electromagnetic warfare system that can be programmed to jam enemy systems, knocking out drone swarms.
It's not some futuristic fantasy.
Andral systems are already being used by the US military and in the war in Ukraine.
We shouldn't be sending our people to stand in other countries, putting our men and women, our sons and daughters, at risk.
for the sovereignty of other nations.
So you'd rather have an American-made product in their hands than our soldiers over there?
Absolutely, every time.
And I think that that's one of the reasons that autonomy is so powerful.
Right now, there's so many weapons systems that require manning.
If I can have one guy commanding and controlling 100 aircraft, that's a lot easier than having to have a pilot in every single one, and it puts a lot fewer American lives at risk.
To be clear, autonomy does not mean remote control.
Once an autonomous weapon is programmed and given a task, it can use artificial intelligence for surveillance or to identify, select and engage targets.
And of course, this creates a massive moral problem in a sense of, you know, who's responsible, then if something happens, it's not supposed to happen.
And that narrative is already being tested out in the Gaza Strip, because there, all of the data for targeting is being AI run through and trained.
And if you didn't know that, you should have, because Palantir is doing it.
So don't for one second think that the fight over Gaza is for nothing or that there's something not to fight for, but just realize that most of the fireworks are smoke and mirrors because what's really going on there is a high-tech military lab that everybody is potentially benefiting from.
You see, this is a real, real nasty trap we're in.
No operator needed.
It's a scary idea to some people.
It's a scary idea, but I mean, that's the world we live in.
I'd say it's a lot scarier, for example, to imagine a weapons system that doesn't have any level of intelligence at all.
There's no moral high ground to making a landmine that can't tell the difference.
Now, every time that you've done a CAPTCHA thing, you have been training an AI to recognize a motorcycle or recognize a truck or click on every square that has a bridge.
And so you have been doing the work of programming the AI, training the AI, so that they can pretend that this thing is deciding that that's the right truck.
But actually, it's just using the training that we've done on the internet, proving ourselves that we're really a human.
I hope you can see it, because we've been in the trap for a long time, guys.
The difference between a school bus full of children and Russian armor, it's not a question between smart weapons and no weapons.
It's a question between smart weapons and dumb weapons.
Lucky showed us how those so-called smart weapons can be synchronized on Andrewll's AI platform.
It's called Lattice.
Lattice collects data from various sensors and sources, including satellites, drones, radar, and cameras, allowing, he says, the AI to analyze, move assets, and execute missions faster than a human.
If you were having to require the human operator to actually map every single action and say, hey, do this, if that, then this, it would take so long to manage it that you would be better off just remotely piloting it.
It's the AI on board all these weapons that makes it possible to make it so easy.
There are lots of people who go, oh, AI, I don't know.
I don't trust it.
It's going to go rogue.
I would say that it is something to be aware of, but in the grand scheme of things, things to be afraid of, there's things that I'm much more terrified of.
And I'm a lot more worried about evil people with mediocre advances in technology than AI deciding that it's going to wipe us all out.
Lucky says all Angel's weapons have a kill switch that allow a human operator to intervene if needed.
I mean, you know, I just want to make sure you understand what kind of trap you're in by showing you what kind of trap you're in.
Look, I don't know if you're aware, but a GoPro has infrared.
Do you see it?
That's the infrared camera of my iPhone trying to find my face, sampling it from whatever angle that I happen to have my phone at the time that I click it.
It could be in here, it could have been here or there or anywhere.
And so the entire time that I've owned this phone, it's been taking photographs from all different angles on my face until it's basically created or
rather collected enough data to create a very high resolution model of my face and then use that as a basis for confirming whether this picture fits that or not and every one of us with an iPhone is getting sampled every time look at it it starts
Zoom does that too.
The Sony PlayStation did that too.
Ladies and gentlemen, we've been in the trap for a long time.
That's why social media is so effective at screwing with us right now.
That's the reason why social media was able to keep you and me and everybody else focused on the lab leak for so long.
Because with coordinated lying on social media, it is almost imperceptibly nasty.
But the Secretary General of the United Nations has called lethal autonomous weapons, quote, politically unacceptable and morally repugnant.
When people say to you, look, it's evil, how do you respond to that?
I usually don't bother, because if I am going to argue with them, I usually poke it.
I'm like, OK, so do you think that NATO should be armed with squirt guns or slingshots?
How about sternly worded letters?
Would you like that?
Would you like it if NATO just, they just have a bunch of guys sitting at typewriters, 1,000 monkeys writing letters to Vladimir Putin begging him to not invade Ukraine?
Our entire society exists because of a credible backstop of violence.
threatened by the United States and our allies all over the world.
And thank goodness for it.
It might sound flip, but part of Palmer Luckey's philosophy is that autonomous weapons ultimately promote peace by scaring adversaries away.
My position has been that the United States needs to arm our allies and partners around the world so that they can be prickly porcupines that nobody wants to step on.
Nobody wants to bite them.
In your mind, is it enough just to have all these things as deterrents?
Or do they have to be deployed and used?
They have to believe that you can use them.
By the end of this year, Angel says it will have secured more than $6 billion in government contracts worldwide.
When you first came into this space and you're a tech guy in a Hawaiian shirt and you're walking into the Pentagon, maybe in flip-flops, I don't know, were you welcomed with open arms?
There were a very small number of people who welcomed me with open arms and everyone else thought that I was nuts.
Nuts because there hasn't been a new company in the defense industry in a significant way since the end of the Cold War.
For decades, five defense contractors called the primes have dominated.
You would be surprised how many people's parents work for these companies that have messed with my family over the last five years.
If I started showing you a list of it, it would probably shock you.
and none of them donate money.
In the industry.
Typically, the primes present an idea to the Pentagon.
If the Pentagon buys it, the government pays for the company to develop it, even if it's late or goes over budget.
Lucky started NREL to flip that procurement structure on its head.
The idea behind NREL was to build not a defense contractor, but a defense product company.
What's the difference?
Contractors, in general, are paid to do work, whether or not it succeeds.
A product company has a very different mentality.
You're putting in your own money.
You're putting in your own time.
My vision was to build a company that would show up not with a PowerPoint describing how taxpayers are going to pay all my bills, but with a working product where all the risk has been baked out.
It will work for enough things that you can save our country hundreds of billions of dollars a year.
It may not surprise you.
Presumably like the AI that we were told yesterday is getting better and better at doing everything and learning and going out on the internet and coming back with new skills.
Presumably his AI weapons go out into the field and learn better ways to fly and learn better ways to kill their target and learn better ways to, you see, it's all an elaborate hoax.
And they put these kinds of clowns, just like the lady of the head of Epic with her, with her Alice in Wonderland style building.
And this guy with his elaborate museum in the front of his, of his company.
These are all elaborate illusions.
And they are probably illusions that are established by our military industrial complex.
And it is very scary to think that way, but you're not helpless.
You can take back control of America.
You can take back control of the narrative.
And most importantly, the first step you can do is get off social media.
Palmer Luckey's father was a car salesman.
His mother took on the role of homeschooling him and his three sisters.
Luckey says he was fascinated by electronics and spent a lot of time tinkering in his parents' garage in Long Beach, California.
By age 19, his tinkering turned into Oculus, the virtual reality company.
And at 21, Palmer Luckey fulfilled every young family's dream.
And that's what makes it the most bullshit, right?
Because where it should have led him was to become an expert in first-person view flying and in drone racing and in that kind of thing.
But instead, it went to let's get rid of the pilot
Nobody that flies remote control helicopters or drones thinks, oh wow, it'd be cool if I could get rid of the goggles or if I could put down the controller, cause this is really stupid.
I don't like doing that.
And I definitely don't like building them and tweaking the way that they fly and testing it out.
Cause that's all gay.
What I'd really like to do is just put down the controller, take off of the glasses and let the drone kill things.
Nobody that goes into remote control aircraft thinks that they would rather not do it.
Nobody loses the fascination for flying because, oh, I don't know, I could make more money if I stopped flying and trained them to kill people automatically.
Nobody, nobody who was at a bench when they were a kid soldering RC cars together or RC aircraft together gets there.
That is ridiculous.
I want to make virtual reality goggles instead of the smallest spy drone that can fly the fastest in the highest headwind possible?
No.
This is nonsense.
This guy was recruited to play this joke of a part as part of an elaborate national security scheme that of course ultimately ties back to the Human Genome Project all the way back to the Manhattan Project.
It's one continuous narrative.
founder's dream when he sold Oculus to Facebook for $2 billion.
The minor kid graced the covers of magazines.
Is that the same way that Steve Kersh sold the optical mouse to somebody?
Come on.
But two years later, he was fired from Facebook.
Why did you get fired?
Well, you know, everyone's got a different story, but it boils down to, I gave $9,000 to a political... Nobody wants to know why I got fired from the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, not even my friend Jay Bhattacharya, who's now at the head of NIH, talking about how everybody was censored.
Not even Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
paid me for a year and a half to help him write a book that I told him at the end was not quite right, and he wouldn't, eh.
They took him away.
Nobody wants to know why CHD fired me even though I can tell you very succinctly it's because Mary Holland fired me and it's because I talked about Robert Malone and his relationship with Meryl Nass.
Oh, oh, oh, nobody wants to know, but everybody wants to know what happened to him.
Why did you get fired from Facebook?
For Donald Trump and against Hillary Clinton.
To be a Trump supporter in 2016, this was at the height of the election.
Interesting, he has the same exact political trajectory of Brett Weinstein and Chris Martinson and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Tulsi Gabbard and all these people.
Even Steve Kirsch was a huge fan.
Even Sasha Lotapova was a huge Hillary fan.
So said so on Alex Jones in 2019.
So a lot of these people were huge Democrat Hillary fans and they all converted to Trump.
insanity and derangement in Silicon Valley.
And so I think that a lot of people thought... It's all over ladies and gentlemen.
There's one reason why they're doing this because this is a once in a multi-generation opportunity to get this data.
And they know that.
The data they want is your grandkids.
The way they're going to enslave your grandkids is through narrative control on social media.
And so the way to break this system is to get your kids off of social media.
For them to realize that social media is a militarized trap for their brain.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to what?
What time is it?
Game time!
Woo!
Sasha's a liar.
Watch him kill each other.
It's time to fight back, that's what Huey said.
Two shots in the dark, now Huey's dead.
I got love for my brothers, but we can never go nowhere unless we share with each other.
We gotta start making changes.
Learn to see me as your brother instead of two distant strangers.
And that's how it's supposed to be.
How can a devil take a brother if he's close to me?
I let it go back to when we played as kids, but then it changed.
That's the way it is.
Things will never be the same.
That's just the way it is.
Oh, yeah.
Things will never be the same.
I see no changes.
All I see is racist faces.
Misplaced hate makes disgrace to races.
We under.
I wonder what it takes to make this one better place.
Let's erase the wasted.
Take the evil out the people.
They'll be acting right.
Cause vote black and white and smoke a crack tonight.
And the only time we chill is when we kill each other.
It takes skill to be real time to heal each other.
And although it seems evident, we ain't ready to see a black president.
It ain't a secret or a concealed fact.
Our penitentiary's black and it's filled with blacks.
But some things will never be.
Now tell me what's a mother to do?
Being real don't appeal to the brother in you.
You gotta operate the easy way.
I made a G today.
But you made it in a sleazy way.
Selling crack to the kids.
I gotta get paid.
But hey, that's the way it is.
Come on.
That's just the way it is.
Things will never be the same.
Oh, yeah.
We gotta make a change.
It's time for us as a people to start making some changes.
Let's change the way we eat.
Let's change the way we live.
And let's change the way we treat each other.
You see, the old way wasn't working, so it's on us to do what we gotta do to survive.
And still I see no changes.
You say it ain't cool, my mama didn't raise no fool And as long as I stay black, I got a snake strap And I never get to lay back Cause I always got to worry about the payback Some fuck that I roughed up way back Coming back after all these years Righty-tac-tac-tac-tac That's the way it is That's just the way it is Things will never be the same
That's just the way it is.
Things will never be the same.
Oh, yeah.
so so
And once more, good morning, everybody.
I'm still happy to have you here for Dig a Home Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
The second half of the show today, still me, still Jonathan Cooey coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
You can still find a lot of my work on the Woodhouse 76 substack.
No use reiterating the fact they argue with a lot of people using my watered-down ideas there And it is written by a trader in America named Jessica Hockett And she is coordinating with a couple people from outside of America including Jonathan Engler Nick Hudson and others most of them are members of Panda where I presented three times they lost those videos, but they use those ideas as part of their shtick and
And they've raised a lot of money with their pseudo objections to the narrative.
All basically ideas they pirated from my presentations to their organization.
And yeah, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is just a victim of this narrative control scheme.
This is GigaOM Biological.
If you're going to share, please share stream.gigaom.bio because we do pay for that one.
And if you need notification, please send an email to gigaomhq at
proton.me, so my wife can put you on the list.
If you want to send something to the house, please send it to Dr. J at P.O.
Box 802 Bethel Park, PA 15102.
It is May 21st, 2025, RNA cannot pandemic, intramuscular injections or dumb transfection was a crime, and the population pyramids are a real problem that these guys are managing.
Or you could say taking advantage of, you know, writing their own narrative about a predictable outcome.
I'm gonna fade this out.
so that you can hear this gayness.
Whoops, why didn't that work?
Wasn't that playing?
Shouldn't that play?
Shouldn't this play?
Didn't I do that right?
Okay, let me just escape here quick.
We might have a little problem with memory.
Let me just check to make sure.
This is supposed to play automatically.
The volume is high.
Let's try that again.
I think we just have a little glitch there.
Thank you very much for joining me.
Thank you very much for being here.
There it is.
When they did this Siebertown Hall yesterday, they started by putting a placeholder on X, actually.
They did this live on X, which I think is kind of traitorous.
I don't think they did it live on YouTube, although they did post the video there about 13 hours ago.
And so you can see a very subtle, continuous hat tip to
Substack and X. And they're even doing it now with official posts in the United States government.
And I think this is nothing short of traitorous.
And so, of course, they started with very American sounding music.
And these are two very un-American men, not born in America and definitely not with allegiance to America.
I'm sorry.
That's what I feel.
That's what I see.
And I think their track record of traitorous behavior is
five years strong.
So let's just take some notes and see if we don't vomit.
Let's take some notes and see if we don't vomit.
The U.S.
Food and Drug Administration's announcement about COVID-19 vaccine policy.
I'm Dr. Vinay Prasad.
I'm the incoming director here at CBER, the Biologic Center, and I'm pleased to be joined by the commissioner today as I walk you through, the American people, directly through our ideas and thinking and our framework, which we call an evidence-based approach to COVID-19 vaccination.
So those of you who follow the New England Journal may note that this morning at 11 a.m.
Eastern Daylight Time, we have our article appearing in the New England Journal in a sounding board.
It explains our rationale, our thinking about COVID-19 policy and the vaccine space.
I'm gonna walk you through it here.
But first, just a little bit of background.
Does it seem like his voice is off?
I don't know why that is.
It's somehow or another, when I recorded it, it's off.
Does it sound like it's off?
I'm sorry if it is.
About me, I went to high school in La Porte, Indiana, and I went on to do my undergraduate at Michigan State University.
Go green.
Okay, so he went to high school in La Porte, Indiana.
Now, the only reason why you say that is because you weren't born there.
So it's possible that he came here as late as like 16 or 17 years old.
It's possible he doesn't even really know what American culture really is.
You know, homecoming was still really weird when he was here and didn't understand what was going on with letter jackets and stuff like that.
Didn't know what a letterman was.
I did my medical degree at the University of Chicago, Pritzker School of Medicine, and stayed on in Chicago to do my residency in internal medicine at Northwestern University.
It is not sped up.
It might just be the audio of that video.
Then I was privileged enough to come here to DC to work in the National Cancer Institute, where I did fellowships in hematology and oncology and cancer prevention.
And during those years, I also completed my... And of course, training at the National Cancer Institute means that he has accepted the idea that retroviruses and genetic vulnerabilities are the cause of cancer.
And it also means that he is a perfect candidate for a Johns Hopkins Master's in Public Health.
And so he has been through all the training camps, you know, he's been to all of the
all of the places, the requisite sort of training camps necessary to take part in this bullshit.
And he has auditioned continuously for five years on YouTube.
I have a master's in public health at Johns Hopkins University.
And for the last decade or so, I've been a professor and physician at Oregon Health and Science University and then the University of California, San Francisco, where I predominantly see patients in the county hospital, San Francisco General Hospital.
And I want to also preface this by saying that I'm a longstanding believer in and have written many, or at least two books on the topic of evidence-based medicine.
Hold on one second.
I'm just going to stop this for a second.
If my voice is in time, then I'm going to see if I can pull this off really quick.
Let me see.
Seiber Town Hall.
Does that work?
Yes, so I'm just going to download this quick, and then I'll be able to probably just play it in the thing.
Let's see how long it's going to take to download this.
It's not going to take very long at all.
Do you mind if I try that?
If my voice is still in sync, then I think I can fix this.
One second left and here we go converting.
30, 50, delete this insert video from this device.
Here we go.
Where is it downloading?
Is that right?
Is that it?
It's gotta be it, right?
I think that's it.
Is it going in?
Ooh, let's see.
Is this the right one?
Is this working?
Sorry.
Ooh, I'm gonna get mad.
Let me save it.
And then let's start it again.
Thank you very much for confirming that I am in sync.
That's good.
I do think for most people I should be in sync.
If I'm not, you just have to refresh or, you know, Twitch or something is messing with us.
And of course that's possible.
It's saved.
Let's see if we can start this now.
I think this is the right video, right?
It should be good.
Let's just do it.
Slideshow.
I mean, where did it download it though?
It downloaded it there, right?
Yeah, that's where it should be.
Let's see if this is working.
Delete, insert video from this device.
Ah, I was in the wrong folder.
This folder here is where I want to be, because that was that.
There we go.
That's better.
Sorry about that.
Send to the back.
Playback automatically.
Volume is fine.
Here we go.
Sorry about that.
Again, my apologies.
Sometimes the director is a little behind.
Here we go.
Oh, that's going to be, of course, starting now after I get rid of those things.
But that's good.
Oh, come on.
Still not quite there yet.
Let me see.
One more thing.
Oh, yeah, that goes here.
And now it will work.
I can see it now.
It will work.
Oh, the directing of your own show.
It's tricky.
Should be starting now.
There we go.
Welcome everybody to the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration's announcement about COVID-19 vaccine policy.
I'm Dr. Vinay Prasad.
I'm the incoming director here at CBER, the Biologic Center, and I'm pleased to be joined by the commissioner today as I walk you through the American people directly through our ideas and thinking and our framework, which we call an evidence-based approach to COVID-19 vaccination.
It still looks off to me.
So those of you who follow the New England Journal may note that this morning at 11 a.m.
Eastern Daylight Time, we have our article appearing in the New England Journal in a sounding board.
It explains our rationale, our thinking about COVID-19 policy and the vaccine space.
I'm gonna walk you through it here.
But first, just a little bit of background about me.
I went to high school in La Porte, Indiana.
And I went on to do my undergraduate at Michigan State University.
Go green.
I did my medical degree at the University of Chicago, Pritzker School of Medicine, and stayed on in Chicago to do my residency in internal medicine at Northwestern University.
Then I was privileged enough to come here to DC to work in the National Cancer Institute, where I did fellowships in hematology and oncology and cancer prevention.
And during those years, I also completed my master's in public health at Johns Hopkins University.
And for the last decade or so, I've been a professor and physician at Oregon Health and Science University and then the University of California, San Francisco, where I predominantly see patients in the county hospital, San Francisco General Hospital.
And I want to also preface this by saying that I'm a longstanding believer in and have written at least two books on the topic of evidence-based medicine.
So I believe the purpose of the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration is always and only to act in the best interests of the American people, and this document is motivated by that spirit.
People and patients are our number one stakeholder.
And the FDA will continue to balance regulatory flexibility with gold standard science, and we make that clear in this document.
This is an important message.
Randomized control trials are not always needed in medical science.
That's been my position for more than 15 years now.
But they are sometimes needed in medical science.
And this document walks you through where they are and where they aren't needed.
In terms of COVID-19 further background, I think we have to admit to ourselves that America is deeply divided on the policy issue of repeat COVID-19 vaccine doses or boosters.
Wow, so that's funny because he knew that was gonna be a contentious, useful issue already back in 2022.
And 2022 was when he was, of course, streaming with ZDogg and Marty McCary,
on YouTube repeatedly six or eight times that year and the following year.
There are some Americans out there who are worried that the FDA has not fully documented and interrogated the safety harms of these products and they are categorically opposed to these products.
There are also some Americans, we also have to recognize, who are desperate for additional protection and they demand these products.
But the truth is that most doctors and most of the public are entirely uncertain, and that is reflected in low vaccine uptake of these products.
Just a couple figures, one figure from the CDC shows uptake by racial groups over time, over the last season, and the other statistic that less than one in six healthcare workers are getting the COVID-19 booster shot.
And the truth is that for many Americans, we simply do not know the answer to whether or not they should be getting the seventh or eighth or ninth or 10th COVID-19 booster as the current policy would have us go down the road of.
So FDA thinking has evolved on this topic.
With changing evidence, we have a changing regulatory framework.
And what has changed?
Well, we have a population where many Americans have been multiply infected with COVID-19, sometimes without even knowing they had COVID-19.
The risk of severe disease and hospitalization, thank goodness, has fallen among the American people.
the efficacy of repeat doses.
And so he has perpetuated or acquiesced to the myth that there is asymptomatic infection, multiple infections.
You never know.
You could have added multiple times.
And it's spreading everywhere.
He's essentially saying it's an endemic phenomenon.
The products of these vaccines to further reduce severe disease and symptomatic illness is uncertain.
And there are important safety considerations whose long-term impact is not fully known, and we will continue to monitor those closely.
So FDA's strategy in this space, here's what we're gonna do.
We will hold this year's Vaccine Advisory Committee later this week on Thursday, and that's a committee of experts that help FDA decide which target strains, which antigens to recommend for this year's vaccine that companies target.
and going forward.
So keep in mind, he's talking about specifically the COVID-19 vaccine and what should go in it.
Forward, we will apply the following evidence-based framework to evaluate all the COVID-19 vaccines.
So based on prior immunologic endpoints, that means proof that the vaccine can create antibodies in people, companies.
Oh, so immunologic endpoints for our friend Vinay Prasad remain to be, and remain to be antibodies.
I-M-M-U-N-I-T-Y, that's what I got, bodies anti.
Saturday Night Live.
Nice, so they'll approve transfection for all the people that are the part of this weighted, top-weighted population pyramid that could potentially bankrupt America if they require half a million dollars a year of Medicaid every six months until they're dead.
What a great way to get rid of them.
So if you're older than 65 or you're high risk for COVID-19, we're going to use the immunologic endpoints we've been using to grant approval.
This is a tremendously broad category.
This effectively means 100 to 200 million Americans, those with the most favorable benefit to harm balance, will be covered by such approvals.
The CDC has a- 200 million Americans will be covered by such approvals.
wow i don't i don't have a red alarm i need to something like i mean you know like the the sound on the on the hell video might be actually a great dirt dirt dirt what what is this
has a list of the conditions that qualify as high risk for severe COVID-19.
You can peruse the list.
It's also in our New England Journal paper.
It is a broad list.
There's a lot of things on.
A broad list that includes, let me see here for a second, if I can quick make the switch.
Wow, that's a lot of stuff there.
Everybody who's at risk of severe COVID needs to take this.
So if you have cancer, you gotta take it.
Wow.
You have chronic kidney disease, you should take it.
Cerebrovascular disease, you should take it.
Even though it could exacerbate any of these conditions by exacerbating the autoimmunity they might already have developed to the tissue in question.
It's very interesting.
Cystic fibrosis.
Oh, wow.
All of this.
Oh my goodness.
All the things that could lead to high Medicarex costs.
Those people need three shots.
Ooh, and now they don't have to use, now they don't have to use so many hot, I mean, so many placebo anymore, because again, healthy people aren't taking it.
And these guys are recommending that healthy people don't necessarily need to take seven shots, but these people should.
Holy shit.
This is crazy.
Uh-oh, little crashy crash.
Hold on a second, it'll come.
My computer will catch up.
Sometimes my PowerPoint gets upset because the people who control my computer can mess around with my show because they're really worried about it.
This list, I'll just highlight a few.
Obesity is on this list.
Physical inactivity is on this list.
mood disorders including depression if you're not doing enough exercise you are at risk for severe covid holy shit on this list and all immunocompromised conditions in other words at-risk americans can be reassured that they will be covered if you're depressed you might be oh my gosh wow this is awesome
At the same time, we want more evidence at the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration.
We want to know more about what these products are doing, especially as we enter the seventh, eighth, and ninth dose.
All companies will be asked to conduct a randomized control trial testing their product
as follows, against a saline placebo, we want to know the full safety profile of these products.
In a randomized control trial targeting people between the ages of 50 and up to 60, 64, less than 65, the primary endpoint of this study will be clinical endpoints, which we'll talk about in a minute.
Clinical endpoints.
So they're not worried about people who drop out of the study because the transfection kills them.
They're only worried about people getting flu or not, getting shingles or not, or getting measles or not.
They are going to massively kill people now.
All this stuff about how the shot is killing people and killed people in 2022-23, those were lies.
Because most of that was placebo and most of that was predicted because the population pyramid had it built in.
Now, ladies and gentlemen, is when they're going to start killing people.
And these data are vital to inform an updated risk-benefit analysis, an analysis that's fit for 2025.
And many point to observational studies that allude to some of these endpoints, but the simple truth is the existing observational literature is at high risk of bias.
and broadly uninformative, in part because the people who choose to get the booster and the people who choose not to are not really the same groups of people.
They're different in other ways, other than the booster.
Man, it's so complicated to understand vaccines, isn't it?
So here's a visual schematic of what we propose at FDA.
This is the New England Journal of Medicine paper, our figure in the paper.
If you're over 65, if you are less than 65,
Sorry, I have to do that all the time.
I have to figure out how to do that without a click.
A quick way to get products to market.
Nothing like admitting why you took over the FDA with these clowns.
Give us more evidence for 50 to 60.
Does it sound like he's about to say that, you know, the one of the lessons we learned from COVID is that PCR could be used against us if we're not very careful about negative and positive controls of PCR.
No, he's not gonna get anywhere close to that, of course not.
If you don't like what this guy's saying, if you think he's full of shit, if you think he's a pharma shill or some other kind of shill,
If you think anything is wrong with what this guy's saying, you should blame it on Robert F. Kennedy Jr., Jay Bhattacharya, you should blame it on Mary Holland and the fake health freedom movement, you should blame it on Aaron Seery, you should blame it on Steve Bannon, you should blame it on Robert Malone, you should blame it on Kevin McKernan, because they're all part of the same bullshit takeover.
This is just a silly puppet that we're supposed to get angry about, a child they've put in front of us, but these people are responsible.
Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan being central to the biological narrative we're trapped in.
Very confident these studies will accrue and be given to us as we suggest.
Finally, this is a free country, and companies are, of course, free to conduct their own randomized studies in younger populations, in people without risk factors for severe COVID-19.
They can run the research agenda they see fit, and we will consider the results of those studies.
And we call this sponsor-driven randomized control trials.
Now, you may ask, why 50 to 65?
Well, the truth is, if you look broadly across our peer nations, that is the place of global equipoise, where we are genuinely uncertain, globally, if those patients benefit.
Global equipoise.
Oh, you better learn a new word if you're going to keep up with Vinay Prasad, boy.
This guy went to high school in La Porte, Indiana.
He's sharp as a knife.
Many countries recommend COVID-19 vaccines for 65 and up in high risk.
Some countries go lower to 45.
So 50 to 65 we feel is an area where there's disagreement among our peer nations.
It's a place we can bring data to this question.
We can answer the question with gold standard science.
In the course of preparing these remarks, people have asked me a few questions which I hope to address here.
What about very young kids?
And the answer to that is, we encourage sponsors to conduct randomized control trials in that population.
And to show you some reason why we think there's also equipoise here, this is cumulative COVID-19 hospitalization by- He said the word again!
It's approximately 55 per 100,000 over the last season, and one to four is 20 per 100,000.
If you go down to zero to four, it's 30 per 100,000.
It's malevolence.
You don't start using more and more vocabulary unless your goal is to confuse people.
That's why I use phrases with only three words in them and then explain it.
You know, like evolution because DNA, and explain why that's bullshit.
Or RNA can't pandemic, and then explain why it's bullshit.
Or that intramuscular injection's not medicine, and explain why it's bullshit.
You see, that's how it works.
These people are not doing that.
They're doing the exact opposite of it.
And they have been for more than two decades, but during the pandemic, they had a whole crew of people put in place to make sure that they could do it effectively enough to enslave our children.
Compared to 55 per 100,000.
And this is much different than say, for instance, 65 to 70.
I had to click to let that comment, sorry.
Where it's 150 per 100,000, a much higher risk of COVID-19 hospitalization.
And final point I want to make is that these numbers include children who have risk factors for severe COVID-19.
So the number, these actual numbers in healthy children are likely lower.
Is this the worst set of slides you've ever seen?
We at FDA believe there is equipoise for 50 to 64 year olds.
Ergo, there must be equipoise for younger ages and we encourage companies if they see fit to conduct such things.
And what is he doing here?
Let me be very clear.
He is reinforcing the idea that all of these diagnostics work.
that PCR can be used to decide whether you've had it in the last three months or not, that seroprevalence can tell you whether you've had it in the last three months or not.
And he's in no way questioning this entire suite of products that the FDA should regulate for safe and effective claims, should regulate as medical devices, but he's not.
He's exclusively focused on the COVID shots being bad, or kinda bad, or maybe they're bad for some people.
And he was put in place to do this.
This is a technical point, but we want the 95% confidence interval lower bound to be above 30%, which is a statistical way of saying we want to have some confidence that these vaccines change the rate of symptomatic SARS-CoV-2 in a meaningful way, in a meaningful amount.
Don't forget that at the beginning of 2020 or the end of 2020, a couple of weeks after Brandy Vaughn was killed,
Brian Hooker was on a stream talking about asymptomatic transmission of SARS-CoV-2.
It's one malevolent show.
Fake, anti-vax, health freedom movement in America.
And I need some help.
Because America is really being undermined from the inside and it seems like the Democrats are as in on it as the Republicans because nobody cares.
Symptomatic SARS-CoV-2 was the primary endpoint of the original randomized studies in 2020.
We continue to believe that's a fit primary endpoint, but we're also going to look at severe disease, hospitalization, and death, which are endpoints I think Americans and their physicians care a lot about.
We want the companies to follow these people for at least six months, because we want to make sure that if the booster has a reduction in symptomatic SARS-CoV-2, that that effect isn't washed away five months or six months later, that those benefits persist.
And finally, we must develop randomized evidence.
We owe it to the American people.
We have launched down this multi-year campaign of booster after booster after booster and distrust of the American public.
And we do not have gold standard science to support this for average risk, low risk Americans.
It's not just our view here in the current FDA commissioner and myself, it's the prior FDA commissioner as well.
This is Rob Califf.
This could be taking place at a rented storage facility with that backdrop.
I see nothing official here.
This is terrifying to me.
Is there anybody working in DC right now?
Are those buildings just empty already?
Can anybody from Washington DC tell me if anything real is happening in America?
Are we just assuming that while we watch social media?
He writes, COVID vaccine uptake is now low enough that large randomized control trials are feasible to evaluate the efficacy and safety of new updated boosters.
And again, he reinstated it again.
on May 9th, quote, in the case of COVID-19, I believe it would now be quite reasonable and even advisable to conduct placebo control trials for quote unquote boosters using updated versions of the vaccine in people who are not high risk.
Just a couple more points.
What about vaccinating healthy people near or around an immunocompromised person, including healthcare workers?
If he was born in Cleveland, why in the hell didn't he say it?
Why did he start with he went to high school in La Porte, Indiana?
I think that's Times of India is a lie.
That's what I think.
If that article says that he was born in Cleveland, I bet it's a lie.
Well, to date, there is no high quality evidence that in this year, vaccinating those near an immunocompromised... I'm sorry, but he would have said it.
If he was born in Cleveland, he would have said it right now instead of saying he went to high school in LaPorte, Illinois.
LaPorte, Indiana.
It's just a joke.
My dad used to teach in LaPorte, Indiana.
We used to live in Michigan Cindy, Indiana.
So right here, that's a lie.
Not you, but him.
Provides an additional benefit for the immunocompromised person over seeking vaccines themselves.
Is it the case that it leads to less transmission to vaccinate people around an immunocompromised person?
Is it the case that it leads to less severe disease?
They want to test the transmission, to track the transmission, and how would they do that?
They would use the diagnostic of PCR.
Verify exposure by lateral flow testing.
They are not gonna question any of these medical devices ever.
The foundation of the myth will never be questioned by anybody on this narrative team.
That's how you can see it.
Very specifically, you can talk about VAERS all you want, about transfection all you want, about DNA contamination or pseudo-uridine or M-methyl pseudo-uridine.
It doesn't matter as long as you leave PCR alone.
and lateral flow testing alone, then these diagnostics will go on forever in our corporate hospitals and we will slowly be inverted into experimental animals.
It's already there.
The database, like Epic, it's already there.
The remnant stream producing the DNA sampling they need is already there.
They already instituted it at all of the universities and they already got all that data.
in immunocompromised people.
The FDA is very interested in sponsors choosing to conduct such studies to show if it does.
And I do want to point out that the current RSV approvals, respiratory syncytial virus, do not allow the approvals to be given to people around the vulnerable.
Instead, it targets those vulnerable to the condition.
So we are bringing COVID-19 policy in line with RSV.
It is possible, actually, that such approvals and strategies provide false reassurance and lead to increased harms because people boosted are actually engaging in other compensatory behaviors that increase the risk for the immunocompromised individual.
The truth is data alone can answer this question.
And I say the same thing for older people.
What about you getting a booster to go visit grandma?
Well, to date, there is no high quality evidence that you getting a booster to visit your grandma protects your grandma beyond your grandma getting the booster herself.
Does it lead to less transmission?
Does it lead to fewer instances of severe disease?
Again, we are interested in evidence to inform this claim.
And again, the RSV approvals recommended for older people or those at higher risk of respiratory syncytial virus hospitalization, but not for everyone who goes to visit them.
Ultimately, data are needed.
A final point I've heard people say, what's the role of the FDA and what's the role of the CDC here?
You want me to help him out?
I could help him out.
I'll add a little low end so that he doesn't sound so annoying.
For disease control may issue recommendations on who should receive the FDA approved vaccines.
You know, the funny thing is.
When you try to add low end to somebody who doesn't have any low end, you can't add anything.
If you push the equalizer up and there's nothing to boost, it didn't do anything.
But the FDA can only approve products if it concludes, based on the available scientific evidence, the benefit-to-harm balance is favorable, and we simply need more data to have that... The benefit-to-harm balance is the foundation of their bullshit informed consent.
Their bullshit model of informed consent, which is actually confounded consent, is that you understand the risk-benefit ratio as measured by a probabilistic study, or a simulation, or a combination of studies, or maybe even a meta-study about simulations about that.
That's the extent to which Bret Weinstein and this jackass and all the other ones would say informed consent is.
And the other big deal is we should at least be able to say whatever we want.
Free speech, you know, choice and stuff.
Informed consent means understanding what the risks are, and that would require explaining explicitly what transfection is, how little we understand about expressing proteins in healthy humans, and its potential long-term consequences depending on where those proteins express.
And none of these people in five years have been able to get to the point where they can say that.
None of them.
I'm the only person, the only biologist on earth that's able to say it like that.
Not even Mike Yeadon has said it like that.
Not even, none of them, none.
And that is by design.
That's also why they must ignore me, because I can say it in under two minutes, under a 30 seconds sometimes, depending on what I need to say.
The truth will get out, ladies and gentlemen, because the more you listen to me and the more you share me, the more you're going to be able to say it yourself too.
the more your kids will understand it.
We can finally start repairing the fractured social fabric of our fragile nation.
Confidence for younger individuals at low risk of severe disease.
We have to do our duty here too at the FDA.
The FDA is committed, and let me say this very clearly, we are committed to ensuring companies generate that evidence, and we strongly suggest they complete any agreed upon post-marketing studies.
Finally, I encourage you all to- We strongly suggest that they complete the studies that they said they would complete.
What in the shit hell was that language other than pathetic?
Wow.
Should I play that part again?
That was pretty fricking remarkable.
That was crazy.
To read our paper in New England Journal of Medicine, which fleshes out this rationale, it's we need more data to have that confidence for younger individuals at low risk of severe disease.
We have to do our duty here, too, at the FDA.
The FDA is committed, and let me say this very clearly, we are committed to ensuring companies generate that evidence, and we strongly suggest they complete any agreed-upon post-marketing studies.
Bring up the commish!
I'm going direct to the American people to explain the thinking behind our decisions, which too often is opaque.
So if you allow me to introduce the Commissioner, Dr. Martin McCary, to come up here.
Thank you.
Why did they have to switch that?
What?
Great.
Well, thank you so much.
It's great to be here.
It's great to see everybody.
And I hope to meet every single one of you.
But right now,
There's probably like four people in the room, including the person that's running the cameras.
Let's talk a little bit about your talk, Dr. Prasad.
So very interesting observations.
I think you nicely acknowledged that this is a very polarizing topic.
And it's in general, the entire concept of COVID risk mitigation has been loaded with a lot of medical dogma.
I think about the time when everybody was encouraged to wear
any cloth mask, giving them false assurance and perhaps increasing a risk because the moral hazard that they felt that they were safe.
I think he's an Egyptian foreign national, but I could be wrong.
So I appreciate your talk.
One question that a family member asked me today when I was talking about what was forthcoming in the New England Journal is, is the FDA in your mind with this framework?
I think that's Vinay breathing after that.
He's trying to cool off because he's so nervous because he knows that he's a complete fraud.
that you've outlined, is the FDA gonna require a randomized trial every year for each COVID annual booster?
Yeah, that's a great question.
So I think one thing worth- It's a great question that he is the head of the department that would decide that.
Are they gonna have to do a randomized trial for every one of these?
But notice that they are not asking if they have to do a randomized trial for any of the PCR diagnostics that are currently on the market.
They don't have to do a randomized trial to see if the PCR tests actually showed anything or not because these assholes are traders that were put in place to make sure that never happens.
Yes, I'm angry about it.
Yes, I'm yelling at you, but only because I want you to get off your chair and share this video, post it everywhere and go and ruin social media by how much you post this video everywhere you can.
discussing is, as you alluded to, the dogma.
There were so many things that happened in the last five years that I think have bred a broader distrust in the American people from the scientific community.
Well, one thing we're just taking for granted is the idea that COVID-19 vaccines will be changed every single year.
And what we've seen over the course of the last 18 months or two years is that the COVID-19 virus is different than influenza.
Are you gonna, if he next says to you that the sequence of the virus hasn't changed as much as flu changes, will you believe me that he's on a script provided by Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan?
Because Kevin McKernan believes that the sequencing is very, very real and that the sequencing shows an evolution.
And now this guy's going to tell you that the evolution has slowed down a little bit.
The endemic signal of coronavirus has slowed down.
It's still the same J1 variant.
It's mutating at a slower rate.
And we're actually still in J1 lineage.
And in fact, the WHO, just a week or two ago, advised that J1 COVID-19 vaccine boosters are still appropriate in the current
So the WHO is actually quite relevant even though we supposedly left the WHO and and the Health and Human Services Secretary just explained why yesterday.
Gee, it's unfortunate that these guys are so amateur.
I really, really wonder if it's already, they're already selling off the furniture in these buildings and that these people have already gone looking for new jobs because this is scary.
Time.
So what's my point?
My point is that instead of having a COVID-19 strategy that's year to year, where we change every single year, why don't we let the science tell us when we should change?
When there's a major antigen.
When somebody is talking with their hands like this,
and it doesn't feel right, it's because they're faking it.
It never feels wrong when I'm doing it because I'm not faking it.
This asshole is faking it.
You want me to call him traitor?
Would it be better to call him traitor instead of asshole?
I apologize.
This traitor.
When the virus really changes, then perhaps we should change our strategy.
So I don't envision randomized trials every year, but I do think we have an obligation every few years or however long that may be to generate credible evidence for the American people to clarify that we know where we stand.
I see.
So you're saying you don't envision a schedule by which randomized trials might
Very close.
That guy, DOTUS, is very close to my view.
They are inverting our sovereignty so that they can experiment on us as they will.
It has been a longtime goal of the Human Genome Project to get everybody's medical records electronic and then to use computer
computers to sort of see if the electronic medical records, that data, signals can be found in it that will correlate with some signal in the human genome that will allow them to make progress on this irreducibly complex problem.
You're right.
We require you envision a sort of adapt as we go based on the degree of antigenic shift.
If it's escaped antibody immunity and people are wondering.
So he's an expert in antigenic shift now.
This guy who is regularly podcasting with the jackass named ZDogg.
is now an expert in antigenic shift.
I think the only way he could become an expert in antigenic shift to this level would be tutoring from Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan.
Maybe that's a reasonable time.
The virus doesn't have a calendar.
I know during the pandemic we had closures at a certain time of day, but the virus doesn't know the time of day and it doesn't have a calendar.
So I think we should react to when the virus tells us to react, as you point out.
Okay, great.
What is, you know, there's a belief... It wouldn't surprise me if there are people with cue cards standing to the left and the right of these two jacks.
It's just crazy.
in the scientific community that it is the B and T cell activation that is really driving the longer... The B and T cell activation.
Are we really going to go back to 2020 when Mike Eden was taken off of his own dissident script and given a script by Kevin McKernan?
the end of 2020 when they all put out that big paper about, you know, the, the, the Drorsten protocol wasn't fair.
They only got 24 hours of review and their primers caused dimers.
Are we really going to go back there now and, you know, no one's going to, they still don't know any immunology if they just say B and T cells and don't talk about it as a sequence that's limited or, you know, how the antigen presentation might work or any of this stuff, just B and T cells is enough to say, which is curious because that's the same bullshit that Brian Hooker said in that 2020
stream, you know, two weeks after Brandy died, where he was doing a callback with Dr. Kendra.
Hey, don't they have antibodies?
Isn't it really about T-cells, Brian?
And Brian's like, yeah, Kendra, it is about T-cells.
Well, here we go.
These two jackasses are going to do the same shtick.
Their term, protection against severe illness.
And in that case, in that school of thought, they, people actually have suggested that
customizing it to the strain each year may result in a transient antibody increase, but ultimately that protection against severe illness is based on that B and T cell activation.
And if that is the case.
His nasal breathing is aimed directly at his mic.
I don't know how or why, but apparently his nose shoots straight down.
And we know to some degree it's the case.
But if that is largely the case,
then what is the right number of COVID shots that really optimizes or maximizes that B and T cycle?
What optimal number of COVID shots optimizes that B and T cell response?
Well, that's a great question, Marty.
That's a great question.
What's the role of T cells?
I mean, the ultimate question is the way in science we approach this question of how many shots a, say, thin seven-year-old girl should get is we conduct studies that give us the answer to that question.
I don't think we're in a situation where we can reason that from first immunologic principles.
In the history of medicine, that's led us astray.
And so what- Okay, that's enough.
We're done.
It's been a long, strange trip, ladies and gentlemen.
I don't know what to tell you.
But the only thing they have left is your active engagement in social media.
This illusion is almost exclusively sustained on Substack and X. So if you leave those two platforms or you spend your time on them ruining them, you will succeed in escaping.
Right now, all their chips are in X and Substack, all their chips.
And they are playing a game where this podcasting crew that auditioned for five years is now at the head of the FDA.
And that is a sign that America is in big, big, big trouble.
Because the FDA should be the one that gets us out of this by ending the PREP Act.
declaration of an emergency and asserting their authority to regulate these PCR and lateral flow tests and sequencing reactions as medical devices, which they will never do as long as these foreign traders are in their positions.
That's why it's so important to understand that this is not a joke.
This is not funny.
This is terrifying because at the head of the CDC is an AI expert.
Murder and lies for what?
I can tell you for what.
For the Human Genome Project, ladies and gentlemen, you can see it.
Look at this track record of traders.
Look at these people.
They were performing.
They were performing with a script that they were given.
They were auditioning for roles in the Trump administration.
They knew that this was coming.
That's why they did it.
It's not for saving the world.
These guys are not saving the world in these videos.
They are auditioning for the roles that they have now.
And it might've been hard to see at the time, but it ain't hard to see now.
It's not hard to see now.
And so you have no excuse for not pulling your head out except that you like social media and you're comfortable on it.
And your trust that most of the videos are real.
Hey, what's up Z-Pac, it's Dr. Z. That blew my ears out, I'm so sorry.
And I showed you how awful it is.
I've shown you that, sorry about that, that blew your ears out too.
That this, you have to understand the trap.
You need to understand the trap that they put us in and how they put us in it.
They put a bunch of liars on social media and they stuck to it.
You can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
But one thing I am confident of from everything I've read is that this RNA exists, you can capture it, you can sequence it, you can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
As long as a certain percentage of these people agree not to question that part of the narrative and never question PCR or the sequence of the virus, this illusion can be sustained with a lot of these people not understanding it.
And that's what's dangerous about gigaohm biological because we can explain it to anyone that wants to hear it.
And we would always start with explaining that Brian Hooker didn't always say autism.
Brian Hooker needed to say autism and say it well in the right way before the pandemic could be pulled off.
Otherwise, there might be a group of people that could lead
a dissident movement that would start to question intermuscular injection in general and this whole multi-generational plan would come to a screeching halt.
In condition that we will not call autism, I don't like the word autism, he was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
I was meddled with by lots of different groups.
One of the groups was a signal chat with Brett Weinstein and Chris Martinson and Matt Crawford and Alexandros Marinos.
And in that signal chat in 2021, I explained how the fraud was happening.
actually J.J.
Cooley's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
I also explained to them how disingenuous it was to call any of these things a vaccine when they are proven not to be.
They are a known technology on the academic bench, and instead of promoting me or promoting this idea, they silently acknowledged that it was the right word.
One time,
One time, off script, you have Heather Haying saying, insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
And then ever after that, she never said it again.
And he tweeted it one time, but you know, that was in 2024, when the damage was already done, when the murder had already been committed, and they were already into the whole, you know, population pyramid thing, everything could be faked.
Denny Rancor was in place.
Kevin McKernan had established himself.
Robert Malone was firmly seated behind the control panel of CHD with Meryl Nass starting her own non-profit called Door to Freedom, which gets everybody to focus on the who.
This show has been going on for five years, and now you have a senator.
It's the individuals in the world today.
There's the largest group, by far the largest,
that just want to forget COVID.
They just want to move on, whether they're either harmed or whether they cause harm.
If they cause harm, they just want to be forgiven.
Boy, tough to make those decisions back then.
What harm was it?
Was it supplementary oxygen?
Was it the use of ventilators when it wasn't necessary or to stop spread?
Was it the lack of antibiotic use because viral pneumonias don't need antibiotics?
Was it the lack of viral
antibiotic use on urinary tract infections?
Was it the use of remdesivir?
What exactly was it that killed people, Mr. Senator Ron Johnson?
Of course he can't say it because he's part of this narrative.
That's why that senator, this senator from Wisconsin is the one who called me, the one who never asked me to speak in front of any of his Senate committees, but a group of people coached on the narrative of Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan.
want to forget all this.
Then there's a group, I would say you're in that group, I'm in that group, our eyes were opened during COVID.
Eyes were opened to what?
Because my eyes were opened to the idea that the Human Genome Project might be a very good national security priority reason to lie to people about the ability of RNA to pandemic.
to lie to people about the role of bacteria in their lives, and to lie to people about the role of their immune system in interacting with that bacteria, to lie to people about an infinitesimal background of genetic signals produced largely by bacteria, but instead to tell people a story that's really just a lie.
Of course, the third group are the COVID cartel, the people that imposed all this on us.
And again, they have the power.
They've controlled the narrative.
They call the truth misinformation, disinformation and malinformation.
So that's what we've got going on right now.
Who is the COVID cartel?
Who are the bad guys?
It is a national security state that has for decades prioritized
the Human Genome Project, which requires the collection of medical and genetic data from as many human beings on earth as possible.
That's a pretty big goal.
And the way that they laid this narrative down was to use a pre-existing phenomenon and put people in place that would be able to control the narrative about that pre-existing phenomenon and turn it into a way to fundamentally take over the world with social media.
Essentially, they've done that if every government in the world is at the behest of social media narratives.
Essentially, they've done that.
If X can ruin politics in Germany or ruin politics in America, then pretty much they have them bent over.
Because it's not TV and newspapers anymore, it's social media.
And the more we acquiesce to its use, the more control they will have over us.
And that's exactly what all these organizations are and why all these organizations have very, very, very accurately avoided this discussion.
because it's the way out, ladies and gentlemen.
The way out is getting off of social media or using it in a way that subverts them.
And so if you know a way of using social media against them, let me know, send me an email.
I'll try to do it too.
The big, big idea here is evolution because DNA is bullshit.
And if we can break that model of biology, we can teach our kids a new way out.
And that's what my goal is.
You know, endemicity is one of these things they lied about in order to create this illusion.
And Vinay and Marty are not going to question the idea of endemicity.
If you want to question the idea of endemicity, you've got to imagine a background, an infinitesimally irreducible background of genetic signals produced by bacteria on which we all depend.
The layers of life and emergent properties in life are not codified in a molecular evolutionarily dependent model of life.
It's silly.
That's why we need a new model of biology.
That's what I'm going to do in my second book.
In my first book, it's just going to be this stuff.
Very simply for kids to understand that nonspecific PCR tests could
take an irreducibly complex background and make something special out of it, and it was a lie.
And placebos could be used to make something appear to be safe, and now that we've accepted it, they're just gonna release it on those vulnerable populations.
Don't forget if you use their test to find their ghosts, that doesn't make their ghosts real, nor does it make you a ghostbuster.
Ladies and gentlemen, RNA cannot pandemic.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
Transfecting healthy people was always a crime and the population pyramid is an active problem they're managing, even in China.
Thanks for being here.
I will see you again tomorrow.